Update recommended nitro version to 3.5.3 (#2175)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/build-decentralized-apps/nodeinterface/01-overview.mdx

<!-- todo: remove this doc, redirect to existing ref doc -->

> The Arbitrum Nitro software includes a special `NodeInterface` contract available at address `0xc8` that is only accessible via RPCs (it's not actually deployed on-chain, and thus can't be called by smart contracts). The way it works is that the node uses Geth's [`InterceptRPCMessage`](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/go-ethereum/blob/@@goEthereumCommit=67569e70c9bff6e93212074a062e4104d34031b5@@/internal/ethapi/api.go#L1034) hook to detect messages sent to the address `0xc8`, and swaps out the message it's handling before deriving a transaction from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Arbitrum Nitro software includes a special `NodeInterface` contract available at address `0xc8` that is only accessible via RPCs (it's not actually deployed onchain and thus can't be called by smart contracts). The way it works is that the node uses Geth's [`InterceptRPCMessage`](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/go-ethereum/blob/@@goEthereumCommit=67569e70c9bff6e93212074a062e4104d34031b5@@/internal/ethapi/api.go#L1034) hook to detect messages sent to the address `0xc8`, and swaps out the message it's handling before deriving a transaction from it.
```
